Adds a Images section to Basic Writing and Formatting Syntax (#8982)
github/docs: content/github/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax.md

{% data reusables.repositories.relative-links %}

## Images

You can display an image by adding `!` and wrapping the alt text in`[ ]`. Then wrap the link for the image in parentheses `()`.

`![This is an image](https://myoctocat.com/assets/images/base-octocat.svg)`

![Rendered Image](/assets/images/help/writing/image-rendered.png)

{% data variables.product.product_name %} supports embedding images into your issues, pull requests{% ifversion fpt %}, discussions{% endif %}, comments  and `.md` files. You can display an image from your repository, add a link to an online image, or upload an image. For more information, see "[Uploading assets](#uploading-assets)."

{% tip %}

**Tip:** When you want to display an image which is in your repository, you should use relative links instead of absolute links. 

{% endtip %}

> For example, if you want to use an image that is in the same repository as your `.md` file, you can use a relative link for the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are some examples for using relative links to display an image in a `.md` file.
```

| Context | Relative Link |
| ------ | -------- |
| In a `.md` file on the same branch | `/assets/images/electrocat.png` |
| In a `.md` file on another branch | `/../main/assets/images/electrocat.png` |

> | In Issues,Pull Requests & comments of the repository | `../blob/main/assets/images/electrocat.png` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| In issues, pull requests, and comments in the repository | `../blob/main/assets/images/electrocat.png` |
```

> | In a `.md` file on another repo | `/../../../../github/docs/blob/main/assets/images/electrocat.png` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| In a `.md` file in another repository | `/../../../../github/docs/blob/main/assets/images/electrocat.png` |
```

> | In Issues,Pull Requests & comments on another repo | `../../../github/docs/blob/main/assets/images/electrocat.png?raw=true` |

Reviewer 2: Fixing the spaces and captialization:

```suggestion
| In issues, pull requests, and comments on another repository | `../../../github/docs/blob/main/assets/images/electrocat.png?raw=true` |
```

{% note %}

> **Note**: The last two relative links in the table above will work across private repos only if the viewer has at least read access to the private repo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: The last two relative links in the table above will work for images in private repositories only if the viewer has at least read access to the private repository.
```

{% data reusables.repositories.relative-links %}

## Images

You can display an image by adding `!` and wrapping the alt text in`[ ]`. Then wrap the link for the image in parentheses `()`.

`![This is an image](https://myoctocat.com/assets/images/base-octocat.svg)`

![Rendered Image](/assets/images/help/writing/image-rendered.png)

{% data variables.product.product_name %} supports embedding images into your issues, pull requests{% ifversion fpt %}, discussions{% endif %}, comments  and `.md` files. You can display an image from your repository, add a link to an online image, or upload an image. For more information, see "[Uploading assets](#uploading-assets)."

{% tip %}

**Tip:** When you want to display an image which is in your repository, you should use relative links instead of absolute links. 

> When displaying an image from a different repository, obtain the raw link of the image from the **Download** page for the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: This line can be removed!

{% endtip %}

> For example, if you want to use an image that is in the same repository as your `.md` file, you can use a relative link for the image. If you want to display the same image in an issue, pull request, or a comment, use the raw link obtained from the **Download** page of the image location. You can use the same method for linking an image in an `.md` file from a different repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you want to use an image that is in the same repository as your `.md` file, you can use a relative link for the image. 
```

Reviewer: This can get confusing now, so we can delete that sentence.
